Joan Kandel: We made it here.
Joan Kandel: Yes, that's good.
Joan Kandel: I'm Dr can do
Letisha shivers: Some you Leticia
Joan Kandel: Hi Leticia. Nice to meet you too.
Letisha shivers: Thank you.
It.
Joan Kandel: Is your
Joan Kandel: Is your video kind of choppy sounds a little choppy to me.
Letisha shivers: Notes. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good. Okay, great.
Joan Kandel: Maybe it's maybe it's my internet. I don't know. Anyway, we made it here. We're here together. Thanks for being persistent
Joan Kandel: I guess they gave you the wrong room.
Joan Kandel: Number.
Joan Kandel: And then, yeah, finally got to the right one. Okay. Sorry about that.
Letisha shivers: That's okay, no problem.
Joan Kandel: Okay, okay.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: Welcome to bright heart health. I'm glad you found your way over here.
Letisha shivers: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: How did you, how did you find us.
Letisha shivers: A friend of mine. He goes through, you guys, and he was experiencing a lot of the same things that I am going through and he told me that you guys are really good program.
Letisha shivers: So, um, yeah, I decided to go ahead and see if I could get on board with you guys.
Joan Kandel: Great. Well, so are you currently in a program
Letisha shivers: No, I'm not. I was on a program. But then when things went. I wasn't able to get there with my vehicle and I told them that I wouldn't, I was going to go ahead and go with you guys.
Letisha shivers: Right hardest a bright heart health. And they said, that's fine. They gave me a prescription. So I'm pretty much out of the prescription, it ends tomorrow. So, and I was on. So it was on eight milligrams three times a day. So they did get it regulated.
Letisha shivers: But they're only giving me two weeks at a time and then I would have to go there. It was kind of, you know, tedious, because I would have to show up every two weeks and then do my labs and everything.
Letisha shivers: So I'm kind of looking for something where I don't have to go as much just once a month, you know, hopefully, um, but they did get me regulated to where I do do three strips a day so
Joan Kandel: And what program was that
Letisha shivers: It was an Albuquerque health care for the homeless.
Okay.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Um,
Joan Kandel: And did they have groups.
Letisha shivers: No, they didn't have groups.
Letisha shivers: They just had me
Letisha shivers: Come every, like I said, every two weeks and talk to the doctor.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so it's just a one on one, but no group support.
Joan Kandel: No. Okay, so
Joan Kandel: So our program is a little bit different.
Joan Kandel: And one of the great things about the program, obviously, is that you could be where you are right now and you don't have to get in the car and go someplace.
Joan Kandel: And and we do, we do groups. We do weekly groups. So, it is more often. But it's but it's very supportive. It's, it's weekly groups and you could just be in your home and and you just joined by zoom like this.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And and in the weekly groups.
Joan Kandel: There are anywhere between, like, five and 10 patients and we're all on zoom. So everybody has their little square. Are you familiar with zoom or is this your first time.
Letisha shivers: This is my first time.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Well, it's kind of neat because you get to like you get to see everybody and you can interact with everybody at the same time. And there's a doctor there and an in a therapist there. So they're, they're very good. I think you like it.
Letisha shivers: Alright, cool.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. And, and, generally speaking, when we
Joan Kandel: When someone is new to the program. We do weekly prescriptions.
Joan Kandel: And then as as it once you show up to all of your visits and you and you're more stable in the program. Then we'll go to every two week visits and it takes. I mean, every two week prescriptions. It's still every week visits.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: And that's usually we'll do like every two weeks prescriptions.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: So tell me about
Joan Kandel: Tell me about the the eight milligrams three times a day, and how you got to that point and how you feel on that dose.
Letisha shivers: All right. Um, so basically I always find it a little because they're giving me the generic and so I was finding it a little bit harder in the morning when I would get up.
Letisha shivers: I was feeling real estate sick, basically because I sleep little bit longer than normal people. I guess probably 12 hours instead of eight to 10 hours. So when I would wake up.
Letisha shivers: I would feel more fixed or why would take a whole strip and then I would have to regulate it, and then afternoon around probably I would say I would wake up around nine or 10 around two or three I would take a half a strip and then I would take a full strip before bed.
Letisha shivers: So, and then in the middle of the night, instead of going all night. I will take a half a strip
Letisha shivers: So it would be one strip half a strip whole strip half a strip
Letisha shivers: So that's how I got the three
Joan Kandel: That's a lot of times in a day, taking medicine.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Did you ever
Joan Kandel: Did you ever tried taking it all at once.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, I did. And, but like I said I would wake up and it would be, it would just be, it would be harder for me to get up basically
Letisha shivers: You know, I would feel. I guess it was a car from, you know, I don't know, I just wouldn't feel as as well. I would just feel really sick, my body would just hurt really bad.
Letisha shivers: So then that's when the doctor, he told me, Well then try to break it, you know, maybe try to take it in the middle of the night when you wake up.
Letisha shivers: Try to take it in the middle of night because I don't sleep very solid, you know, I still wake up in the middle of the night when like every two hours. I guess I wake up, so
Joan Kandel: And when when you did take it all at once. Did you take the full 24 milligrams all at once.
Letisha shivers: No, I didn't try that.
Joan Kandel: How much is the most that you ever tried to take one today.
Letisha shivers: Um, I think it was 12 TOMO gram
Joan Kandel: Strip and a half.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. So
Joan Kandel: This medicine is really meant. It's built. It's designed to last the full 24 hours so that you just have to take it once a day because
Joan Kandel: Because people I think generally are more functional when they just take their medicine once a day and they don't have to keep like
Joan Kandel: chipping away at it and keep taking a little bit at a time and and then getting sick and then taking a little bit and feeling relief and then getting sick and then feeling relief. So
Joan Kandel: I think it might be nice for us to get a sense of how you can take the same dose, so total of 24 milligrams, but not have to just keep taking it throughout the day and especially not having to get up in the middle of the night and take it.
Joan Kandel: So, do you also have chronic pain issues.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, yeah, I do. Um, I had, um, basically, I had a back surgery. I had a facade in my back and I was on pain meds always on oxy codeine 15 milligrams four times a day as
Letisha shivers: Well, yeah. And then last, last year that abruptly stop. I'm like, I had some issues with my home situation, I was able to keep my appointments. And so then that's when I started using
Letisha shivers: Because I wasn't able to stay on track with doctors and everything else. And so I had lost that pain script. So I do have chronic pain in my back my lower back.
Joan Kandel: And does the does the buprenorphine help you with that.
Letisha shivers: It does.
Joan Kandel: It does. Okay, so
Joan Kandel: After saying all that I said about taking it just once a day, people who have chronic pain tend to do better when they split up their dose, just in terms of their pain, they tend to do better.
Joan Kandel: But I don't think that you need to take it four times a day, like you're taking it so
Joan Kandel: You might want to try either taking 12 milligrams in the morning and then 12 milligrams 12 hours later. So, like, say you take it at nine in the morning, take it at nine at night.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: Or you could take
Joan Kandel: eight milligrams three times a day, like
Joan Kandel: Okay, eight hours apart but but hopefully you won't have to do that middle of the night one
Letisha shivers: Okay, yeah.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, sounds good. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so
Joan Kandel: Before you were on the oxy codeine for for your back pain. Did you have any
Joan Kandel: Issues with with drugs.
Letisha shivers: No.
Letisha shivers: Not at all. No, no, no.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And tell me about
Joan Kandel: Tell me a little bit about what happened when you were on the oxy and then off oxy
Letisha shivers: Um, when I was on the oxy I had, you know, as you know, it doesn't last. So, you know, I started to use more
Letisha shivers: And then, you know, I had this genius friend who said, oh, you know, something else might help you so you know I decided, okay, well we can try heroin it last longer and you don't have to have a prescription for it. So I started, I started using heroin.
Joan Kandel: Start it or shoot it.
Letisha shivers: I shot it up.
Uh huh.
Letisha shivers: And it was a great relief to me. And then that's when everything just started to spiral out of control.
Letisha shivers: Hahaha
Joan Kandel: So tell me what you mean by spiral out of control.
Letisha shivers: What is well when I lost my job and I just wasn't as productive in society anymore. And then I lost my pain script, because I wasn't able to do a clean urine.
Joan Kandel: Me know how that goes.
So,
Letisha shivers: They just kind of got me off that and I just couldn't deal with the pain anymore. And then it just became more of an issue.
Letisha shivers: So with then I decided that I wanted to get treatment. And so that's when I started the Suboxone about three months ago and I'm still I'm still, you know, I had, I had a Muckle I have relapsed I i I'm still trying, you know,
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'm still
Letisha shivers: Fighting
The good fight.
Joan Kandel: Right. So tell me about, you know, relapses it's part of the disease. It's a, you know, it's
Joan Kandel: Comes with the territory, sort of, you know, hopefully we'll get to the place where that's not happening. But, you know, you're still early in recovery. So
Joan Kandel: Yeah, tell me about the. Tell me about the relapses when has that happened.
Letisha shivers: I'm like, when I get really stressful, um, you know, sometimes and I just kind of getting back into society. You know, I'm trying to find a job and I just feel like I know that there's going to be let downs and things like that, that just kind of when things feel like hopeless to me, I guess.
Letisha shivers: Is when I relapse.
Letisha shivers: Uh huh, I'm
Letisha shivers: Not to get to that hopeless point. You know, I try to do things like go to a meeting or find support peer support. Um, but there's really not a lot of peer support that I have right now.
Letisha shivers: So, okay, and I find myself isolating and then when I find myself isolating and boredom.
Letisha shivers: I am has a lot to do with it. Because working right now. And so I just tried myself busy and in a stable mindset where I can, I can do this kind of mode and not up not, I guess. Oh well, kind of mode, you know, so that's where I'm at right now.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Well, you know, I really feel like the like the groups are going to really be helpful to you because you'll have a chance to connect to other people who totally get it. You know, and who can give you give you that boost of support when you're feeling that that hopeless feeling
Joan Kandel: That'll be good. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Um, yeah. Yeah, I think it's gonna be really helpful.
Joan Kandel: When was the last time that you used heroin.
Letisha shivers: Last week,
Letisha shivers: Uh huh towards us on Monday, I believe, last week, so
Letisha shivers: I think I've been doing pretty good.
Letisha shivers: I haven't really
Joan Kandel: Gone to
Letisha shivers: A hopeless age or anything like that. I've been trying to keep busy and spirits. But, you know, like I said it.
Letisha shivers: Is that feeling comes and goes. And I don't know exactly if there's a one trigger for me because you know grief is kind of mysterious and its ways to where you could just be walking by and something reminds you of somebody you know because my brother he committed suicide.
Letisha shivers: And my brother did too.
Letisha shivers: So it's like, I have two brothers that committed suicide and I'm still here. And it's like, that's a lot that has to do with with my, like, I want to get out of reality because I don't want to be feeling alone like that, you know, so
Letisha shivers: That alone.
Letisha shivers: So I have a dog. I have a dog is kind of about five months ago to
Letisha shivers: Be
Letisha shivers: Busy so he's
Letisha shivers: Like
Joan Kandel: Yes, a lot of
Letisha shivers: Passion and
Letisha shivers: feel so alone, you know,
Letisha shivers: To see these children so you know he's a lot
Letisha shivers: Yes, I
Joan Kandel: am so glad
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'm so glad that you have him. What's his name.
Letisha shivers: His name sir pug the atoms.
Joan Kandel: Supposedly, Adam.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: The Addams Family. I love that.
Joan Kandel: That's great.
Joan Kandel: Let's see a puppy.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: That's a perfect
Joan Kandel: That's perfect. Yeah, he's
Joan Kandel: He's got lots of energy and lots of love.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, it's cool. So yeah, so
Letisha shivers: Yeah, let's, it's good to have something other than yourself. Because then we decide to take care of, you know, you're more prone to staying in reality so
Joan Kandel: Yes, yes, absolutely. Yeah. And he and he depends on you. So you got to be there for him.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Letisha shivers: So that's good. Exactly.
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Um, and when you relapse. Is it always with heroin or with pills.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, it's using heroin filter that maybe unstable. I don't know.
Letisha shivers: Can you hear me.
Joan Kandel: I see.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, yeah. Sorry, my internet kind of funky. That's okay. Um, so it's usually just with heroin killed a little bit too hard to get ahold of, to be honest. So I really
Joan Kandel: Can't. Okay.
Letisha shivers: So,
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. And
Joan Kandel: And when you use heroin you shoot up
Letisha shivers: Yes.
Joan Kandel: And have you ever had any abscesses or anything infections from shooting.
Letisha shivers: Yes, I have. But I haven't had any episode season. Oh, probably like six months or so. So I try to use
Letisha shivers: Clean, clean sterile nose so
Letisha shivers: I have a good I mean
Joan Kandel: That's great.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, good.
Joan Kandel: And have you been, have you been tested for HIV and hep C.
Letisha shivers: I have. I do have hep C and they're going to see if they could get
Letisha shivers: Test my blood levels for steer haven't yet. Oh.
Yes.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so to see if you can get some treatment for that.
Letisha shivers: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Good. That's great. Excellent.
Joan Kandel: And what other health problems do you have, if any.
Letisha shivers: None
Letisha shivers: Um, I have anxiety.
Letisha shivers: No, I'm
Letisha shivers: otherwise healthy. I have a lot of ideas. Okay. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And what medications are you on besides the supercar
Letisha shivers: That's it.
Joan Kandel: That's it. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Have you ever been on medicine for anxiety and depression or depression.
Joan Kandel: You're frozen Frozen up for you.
Joan Kandel: That can you hear me.
Joan Kandel: Are you able to hear me.
Joan Kandel: Now I can. Oh yeah, kind of funky.
Letisha shivers: Sorry about that.
Joan Kandel: No, I, I say it might be my internet. I don't know.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Thanks.
Joan Kandel: Society or depression.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Letisha shivers: I'm for anxiety. They have me and it was more like panic attacks. So they did have me on the parent
Letisha shivers: And that was just yesterday, I would have like a panic attack and they tries to notice things like
Letisha shivers: For sleeping. I remember on and it didn't really, it really messed me up and I didn't want to be like messed up. So I, I didn't take that. I don't know. Um, but I haven't had any than anything for that for the panic attacks so
Letisha shivers: I'm
Letisha shivers: Right now, it hasn't been so bad. Okay.
Letisha shivers: To be like once a week, once every two weeks. Now that I have
Letisha shivers: No. Okay, see me kind of regimen going on with this box so
Joan Kandel: Exactly right.
Joan Kandel: bentos like the clinic as a Bam, that you were talking about just because of the interaction with the
Joan Kandel: Morphine so
Joan Kandel: Hope hopefully in group, you'll be able to learn some, you know, some tools to help you deal with your, with your panic attacks and your anxiety and being on a stable dose of Suboxone like you say is
Joan Kandel: Just so that's the most helpful thing.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Are you allergic to anything.
Letisha shivers: Just so fun.
Joan Kandel: Sofa, what happens when you take sofa.
Letisha shivers: And it's electric shock.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: No good.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so I'm
Joan Kandel: Actually gonna see if if I stopped my video if it makes the
Joan Kandel: If it makes the connection any better. So I'm going to go off of video and you'll
Joan Kandel: Just see my picture.
Joan Kandel: And we'll see if it's any better.
Joan Kandel: Because I think my bandwidth is not very good.
Joan Kandel: So what surgeries. Have you had, you said back surgery, when was that
Letisha shivers: was two years ago.
Letisha shivers: Two years. Yes.
Joan Kandel: And other surgeries at all.
Letisha shivers: Um, yeah. Last year I had a pretty much revision surgery.
Joan Kandel: On you're growing
Letisha shivers: On my inbox.
Okay.
Letisha shivers: And then I have to re C sections.
Letisha shivers: And I had my gallbladder removed.
Okay.
Letisha shivers: And that's it.
Joan Kandel: And and do you have your kids.
Letisha shivers: I do not
Joan Kandel: Mm hmm.
Joan Kandel: Okay, do you see them.
Letisha shivers: nori, no.
Joan Kandel: Okay, working towards that.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, working towards that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. How old are they
Letisha shivers: They're my oldest son is going to be 10
Letisha shivers: Okay, and my youngest son is six. And my daughter is five.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how many times total. Have you been pregnant.
Letisha shivers: Three times
Joan Kandel: Three times. Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: And is your mom in Albuquerque.
Letisha shivers: Yes, yes.
Joan Kandel: Okay. And do you get along with her.
Letisha shivers: I do
Joan Kandel: Do you have a lot of contact with her.
Letisha shivers: I do. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good, great. And as she in good health.
Letisha shivers: She is. Yeah, she you know she had a scare. She's got a breast cancer.
Letisha shivers: And not different mission.
Letisha shivers: So we're very happy.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay, good. All right. I hope she stays healthy
Joan Kandel: I'm
Letisha shivers: Good.
Joan Kandel: Oh good, and your dad.
Letisha shivers: My dad's he passed away.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and how long ago was that
Letisha shivers: Oh, five years ago.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and what did he die from
Letisha shivers: Infection to his kidney
Letisha shivers: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: And you mentioned your two brothers were they older or younger.
Letisha shivers: Older
Letisha shivers: Both older. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: How many, how many kids total just the three of you.
Letisha shivers: Know there's four
Letisha shivers: I had more readings. Yeah. So, I still have one older brother, but we're not very close don't really talk that much.
Okay.
Letisha shivers: Hello. How you doing, you know,
Joan Kandel: Aha, aha, were you close with your other two brothers.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, I was.
Joan Kandel: So sorry that's brutal
Letisha shivers: Something that I struggle with. You know what I mean and Sharon.
Letisha shivers: And
Letisha shivers: It's just, it's just harder than others. So
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I get that.
Joan Kandel: And how about
Joan Kandel: I have a substance use, does it run in the family. Anyone else in the family.
Letisha shivers: No.
Letisha shivers: Alcohol.
Letisha shivers: Alcohol substance abuse.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right. Um, well, my being off video doesn't seem to be helping. So I'll go back to
Joan Kandel: Do you do you use tobacco in any form.
Letisha shivers: If
Joan Kandel: You smoke.
Letisha shivers: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Okay, how much do you smoke.
Letisha shivers: Hospitality.
Joan Kandel: And it said something that you think about quitting.
Letisha shivers: When was the last time I think, yeah, I'm thinking about it here.
Letisha shivers: In the next six months or so, but I'm right now. No, I don't wanna quit.
Joan Kandel: Well, I am i think that that's a great goal. You know, once you get stable and everything. I think that would do so much for your, for your health.
Joan Kandel: Because smoking is nasty for the body.
Letisha shivers: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: As you know,
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: So, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Well, I think that would be really great. Um,
Joan Kandel: Has alcohol ever been a problem for you.
Letisha shivers: No.
Joan Kandel: No. Do you drink.
Joan Kandel: At this point, nope.
Nope.
Joan Kandel: Nope, that's good.
Joan Kandel: That's good.
Joan Kandel: Good.
Joan Kandel: So I just want to mention something about smoking. So during
Letisha shivers: The groups.
Joan Kandel: Each group is an hour long so during the group's there's no smoking.
Joan Kandel: FYI.
Letisha shivers: So,
Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, let's see. So you're not currently working
Letisha shivers: Right. Correct.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: Besides,
Joan Kandel: Surprisingly, Adams.
Joan Kandel: Who do you get support from
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Do you live with your fiance.
Letisha shivers: I do, yes.
Joan Kandel: And how's your relationship with him.
Letisha shivers: Good. You know, just
Letisha shivers: Like any other couples. We have bad days.
Letisha shivers: Or to
Joan Kandel: Give the law.
Joan Kandel: So, uh huh.
Good.
Joan Kandel: That's good. And does he use
Letisha shivers: No, he doesn't.
Letisha shivers: He smokes marijuana
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Letisha shivers: Robin did
Letisha shivers: I just want to, I don't know how I want to try to get
Letisha shivers: Here and that's awesome for a
Letisha shivers: SEC so
Uh huh.
Letisha shivers: Medical marijuana
Joan Kandel: I'm not sure if you're asking me a question because it's really broken up. I know you're talking about medical marijuana
Letisha shivers: Yeah, I was thinking
Letisha shivers: Of marijuana
Joan Kandel: All right. So can you tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh
Letisha shivers: Yes, I'm five feet away and 175
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Do you happen to know what your blood pressure is like the last time you went to the
Clinic.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, we'll leave once London bones 30 over to normal. I know what normal. It was in my high but it's
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that was you said 130 overwhelmed.
Joan Kandel: At okay
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Okay, great.
Joan Kandel: Good.
Joan Kandel: All right, so
Joan Kandel: The, the video is pretty choppy. I think I've
Joan Kandel: January's because we're on this thing, but
Joan Kandel: It seems like the video is really
Joan Kandel: choppy. So I don't think I'll be able to do much of any of that today, but that's okay.
Joan Kandel: Alright, so the, what's the pharmacy that you go to
Letisha shivers: Dismiss on constant Carlisle. I even the information
Joan Kandel: Perfect.
Joan Kandel: Great.
Joan Kandel: Okay. And did they tell you about going to the lab.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, they did. They told me
Letisha shivers: The quarantine lifted because they're not do it after quite right now. So probably a week, maybe two and was just lifted on their quest getting those laptops for you.
Joan Kandel: Perfect. That's great. Yeah, that's fine. So
Joan Kandel: So what I do is I put the prescription through the computer. So it's sent electronically. So when you go to the and I'll do that today. After we get off the phone.
Joan Kandel: So when you go to the pharmacy, they should have that for you.
Joan Kandel: And and like we talked about, I will just do a week at a time.
Joan Kandel: For now, so I'm going to get you a week's
Joan Kandel: Worth at that same dose. So I'm going to put on there.
Joan Kandel: 24 milligrams a day and you see how it goes with the trying it like 12 and a half, like a strip and a half in the morning and then a strip and a half 910 hours 12 hours later, sorry.
Joan Kandel: And see how that goes. And try to be consistent with that and see if, if that makes you feel a little bit more stable and not having to go through that like feeling sick and then taking some and then feeling sick and and taking some
Letisha shivers: Okay. All right. Don't
Joan Kandel: You. So the other
Joan Kandel: Yeah, couple more things.
Joan Kandel: Here which I prescribed for everyone. I don't know if you already have any of this, but it's a narc can the nasal spray. Do you have any of that.
Letisha shivers: I don't think so. They were out for some reason.
I don't know.
Letisha shivers: It's our cat or something but
Letisha shivers: Orders.
Letisha shivers: You have something for me. They said they said they were seeing some so
Joan Kandel: I see.
Joan Kandel: Okay, well I it's a it's routine for me to put the order in. So I'm going to put in another order. And so hopefully when they get it in, you'll be able to get that because that's a really good thing to have.
Letisha shivers: OK.
Joan Kandel: OK, so the
Joan Kandel: So the group that we're going to do.
Joan Kandel: Is a
Joan Kandel: Tuesday every Tuesday at 430 in the afternoon from 430 to 530. Is that an okay time for you.
Letisha shivers: That was
Joan Kandel: Awesome, good, because that's my group. So I'm going to be the doctor in there and Dominique
Joan Kandel: Is the therapist in there and she's really awesome she's wonderful and there's a real good folks in there.
Joan Kandel: So, so that group is going to start tomorrow. So, so what you'll do is
Joan Kandel: You know that virtual clinic number that you called that that may number
Letisha shivers: Yes.
Joan Kandel: So that's the number that you're going to call every time you have any kind of appointment or group.
Joan Kandel: So, and, and we ask that you call about a half an hour before the group so that they can do, they'll do a questionnaire and get you all checked in and everything so that you're on time. So at four o'clock tomorrow. Call that number, tell them that you're calling in for your group.
Joan Kandel: And then
Joan Kandel: I'll see you tomorrow. That'll be fun.
Letisha shivers: Alright. Alright, sounds good. Thank you.
Joan Kandel: You're welcome. Let me see if there's anything else.
Joan Kandel: One more, one more thing to tell you about the, I don't know if they already told you this in virtual clinic, but about the
Joan Kandel: We do urine drug screens about once a month, did they tell you about how we do that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, they did. Okay, so they're going to send it to you in the mail and don't open it until you call
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: So Leticia. Do you have any questions for me.
Letisha shivers: Um, nope, will be good. So I'll meet you again, just one on one.
Joan Kandel: So we don't
Joan Kandel: We don't know. We don't have to do one on. Once we usually do as part of the groups. We do a medical check in. So I usually kind of go around to everybody. And that's how we do the medical check and
Joan Kandel: I'm always open to meeting one on one, if people feel like they want to talk to me about something that they don't feel like talking to the group about
Joan Kandel: But if it's you know dosing questions or anything that you feel comfortable about then we usually just briefly cover that in group and that counts as the doctor visit and that's once a week. So that's pretty often.
Joan Kandel: But if it anytime you feel like you want to meet with me individually like this, just let me know and we'll schedule that
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Sounds good.
Letisha shivers: Yeah, sounds good. Thank you.
Joan Kandel: All right, my dear. Well,
Joan Kandel: That's it. So I'll see you tomorrow night.
Joan Kandel: Tomorrow late afternoon.
Joan Kandel: See, okay.
Okay.
Letisha shivers: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Bye bye.